We're actively seeking a GIS Developer to design and develop frontend and backend enhancements to our client’s Esri ArcGIS Online and Enterprise Portal data collection and reporting systems for right-of-way vegetation management. 


Develop new tools, Widgets and web applications for end users, and developing automated QC and data controls procedures.


Drive the design & development of applications & tools that best align with the specific needs of each line-of-business.


Partner with stakeholders accurately gathering functional requirements to develop clear and concise scopes of work and development timelines.

Collect and manage geospatial data from multiple data sources, import data into various formats and sculpt the data according to present to various audiences.

Provided ongoing maintenance, enhancements, bug fixes and general support for new and pre-existing application and tools in python, JavaScript, ArcGIS API, and Quick Base.
 


5-10 years’ experience designing and developing tools, Widgets and web applications (frontend & backend).
Experience with Esri Products – ArcGIS Online, Enterprise Portal, ArcGIS Pro, ArcSDE, ArcGIS Desktop.
Experience with Esri-based web and tool development - ArcGIS API for Javascript, ArcGIS API for python, REST endpoints, ArcPy and Python.
SQL and Microsoft SQL Server experience with the ability to create, modify, automate, and run SQL queries needed to mine and analyze large datasets within spatial DB’s.
Strong data analysis, data modeling, database management, and data manipulation.
Experience in the development of complex reporting and dashboarding through various Esri Dashboard products, Microsoft PowerBI, and/or Tableau.
Take ownership of the tool and web application development cycle and implement best practices for code repository management and version control.
Facilitate ongoing stakeholder communication to optimize business decisions.
Attend and participate on project status meetings and maintain follow‐up list of action items and meeting minutes for stakeholder distribution. 